NIMI ALE
Written by kule epiku Atawan
Version 1.10

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Generally Recognized Words
	1a. Words in Toki Pona: The Language of Good
	1b. Words in Nimi Ale Pona
2. Words from English Communities
	2a. Words from Ma Pona pi Toki Pona
	2b. Words from Other English Discord Servers
	2c. Words from English Telegram Groups
	2d. Words from English Matrix Groups
3. Words from English Websites
	3a. Words from Toki Pona Epansa and Related Sources
	3b. Words from the Toki Pona Subreddit
	3c. Words from the Toki Pona Forums
4. Words from Non-English Communities
5. Words from Relexes

IMPORTANT NOTE
This is for RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY! If you are just starting toki pona and are looking for commonly used words, please don't use this!

PARTS OF SPEECH
kala Salan te:
particle: words performing purely grammatical functions.
content word: words performing purely semantic functions (no overlap between particles and content words). 
semi-preposition: specific group of content words that can perform several preposition, relational, and co-verb esque functions. 
preverb: specific group of content words that can modify verb phrases in the opposite direction (head final) of typical modifier order. 
semi-conjunction: taso; anu. specific group of content words (varying on analysis) that can perform conjunction roles or semantic roles depending on context. 
modifier particle: a; kin. group of words acting like particles without semantic meaning, but providing information on emphasis and emotion. (semantic possibility varies by speaker)
interjection: words or clusters able to be said in isolation as an exclamation or remark. pona! suwi! lape pona. etc.
loaned adjective: loaned words that can act strictly as modifiers on native TP content words to name said concept in context. ex. ma Sonko

Interjections are not counted unless that is the main function of the word. Loaned adjectives are also not counted. Note that these definitions may vary by community.

CLARIFICATION ON WORDS
A word can be considered a new word if it meets both of these conditions:
1. The word has been declared as a word in toki pona.
2. The word has been given a definition.

TOTAL COUNT: 1524

LAST UPDATED: 12/29/2020, 17:51 MST

CREDITS
Created and written by kule epiku Atawan
"Parts of Speech" written by kala Salan
Thank you to jan Sasalin, palisa jelo Natan, waso sona Likipi, kala pona Tonyu, soweli nata, sictoabu, akesi Vera, ko, kala Salan, jAna, jan Melako, sitelen q, pipi tonsi Kisi, kule Sijo, jan Olipija, jan jan, and jan Pake for providing extra words, emotional support, and pinging me more times than neccessary.

DEFINITION TEMPLATE

 - 
(content word)
1. 